---
id: "2026-03-22-article-52"
title: "@mavrickweb3: I've been in crypto for like a yr now and thought I'd seen e"
url: "https://x.com/mavrickweb3/status/1973649953756193173"
source: "x"
category: "construction"
tags: ["x"]
date_published: "2025-10-02"
date_collected: "2026-03-22"
summary_by: "auto-x"
query: ""
---

I've been in crypto for like a yr now and thought I'd seen everything. 

Then someone told me about a project where you can make  $50K/year running a fake mining company on @vmccdao that builds real hotels, and I really had to investigate this 🔽 https://t.co/PiKyyVnC0z

Most crypto projects I've joined promised me fast gains.

But what I got was tokens with no utility, pump &amp; dumps, and no long-term value.

I really wanted something that created real wealth + real impact.

Then I found @vmccdao

It wasn’t pitched as just another coin.

It was explained like this 
“Imagine playing SimCity but your city builds actual businesses in Dubai, Zurich, Lagos, Atlanta, and beyond.” 

That was my aha moment. https://t.co/ImQE0bnCRY

So you'll be asking what is @vmccdao ?
It's simply: 

→ A DAO (community-owned) of Virtual Mining &amp; Construction Companies.

→ Each member starts with a Genesis Key NFT (yard, plot, or acre).

→ Those keys unlock land, equipment, and workers inside the City of Atlantus.

These are what I can do inside VMCC:
→ I can claim mining land + install Virtual Mining Equipment 
→ Hire Virtual Construction Workers with digital tools.
→ Sell “Virtual Resource Blocks” for $8.44 each in $GRIT or USDT.
→ Vote with the DAO on what real-world assets to build.

And so you know those digital actions fund actual projects.

For instance :
DAO members can vote to build:
A dairy farm in Switzerland,real estate in Dubai, a factory in Lagos.

Those profits go back into buying $GRIT  boosting everyone’s wealth.

It has a technical edge to others 
→ $GRIT token: fixed supply, non-tradable outside the system, 100% sell tax.
→ Immune to whales and manipulation.
→ Every real-world profit funds $GRIT buybacks.
It’s literally designed to hold value like Bitcoin, but tied to real businesses.

The numbers shocked me.

→ One Acre Genesis Key can generate 54 mining lands + 54 workers.

→ At full scale, COA projects $2B yearly GDP equivalent.

→ That’s ranked 180th among globa
