---
id: "2025-03-05-article-01"
title: "@virattt: I am diving into MCP this week. Goal: build a stock market"
url: "https://x.com/virattt/status/1897417275025600627"
source: "x"
category: "claude-code"
tags: ["MCP", "API", "LLM", "x"]
date_published: "2025-03-05"
date_collected: "2026-03-22"
summary_by: "auto-x"
query: ""
---

I am diving into MCP this week.

Goal: build a stock market MCP server.

There are 3 components:
1 • MCP host
2 • MCP client
3 • MCP server

Let's walk through a high-level example.

Our host and client is Claude Desktop.

Our server is @findatasets

Here are the 3 components:

1 • MCP Host: this is the interface that the user interacts with, like Claude's UI.

The Host receives user queries and forwards them to the MCP client.

2 • MCP Client: this is embedded in Claude Desktop, as well.

The client establishes a 1:1 connection with the MCP server.

It translates user queries from the host into requests the server can understand.

It also returns responses from the server to the host.

The client is a middle man between the host and the server.

3 • MCP Server: this is the stock market API, like Financial Datasets.

The server has MCP-compliant endpoints using JSON-RPC 2.0.

It responds via server-sent events (SSE).

Data flow example:

Step 1. User asks Claude Desktop (host): "What's the current price of AAPL?"

Step 2. Host forwards query to client.

Step 3. Client sends JSON-RPC request to
Financial Datasets (server).

Step 4. Server returns AAPL’s price to client.

Step 5. Client processes response and forwards to the host.

Step 6. Host shows AAPL’s price and LLM-generated response message to user.

And that is pretty much it.

Next, I will build this MCP flow from scratch.

Source: https://t.co/vIF80PlKgG

Stock Market API: https://t.co/FB754zFUK1
